We're already a good chunk through the course, you learned a lot about vuejs, about its different features,
how to enhance with animations, how to use components and much more.
Now we're nearing the end though,
whilst that is true time wise, there are big important chunks of features vuejs offers years
to come.
For example http, until now we were contained in our application,
we weren't able to reach out to a server, though typically in a lot of applications,
you from time to time need to reach out to a server,
you need to fetch some resources, you need to fetch some data or store some data there, especially when
building single page applications, something we'll really dive into in the next modules, in the last
modules of this course especially when doing that but not limited to this use case, you oftentimes need to
make such requests.
Now a lot of the requests you do make, all requests in single page applications as a side note but a
lot of requests in the normal server side application may want to be done
via ajax, which means in the background, behind the scenes, you don't necessarily want to send the
request and get back a new page, you want to stay on the current page and only reload parts of it or reload
some data or store some data whilst keeping the user on the page and not reloading it in the browser
or navigating to another one.
This is especially true for a single page applications where the whole purpose is to stay on one single
page
but it's true for other applications too.
Therefore in this module, we will dive into how we can use http or how we can access the web from
vuejs.